# Engineering Weekly cw #18
## May 03 2018, [8:00 AM MDT](https://www.worldtimebuddy.com/?qm=1&lid=7&h=7&date=2018-5-3&sln=8-8.5)
### [Agenda](https://github.com/MARKETProtocol/community/issues/12)
### [Recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ervDVqSI9s&t=0s)
### Attendees
@pelsasser @eswarasai @pchuck @rojosnow

## To-do

- Define the requirements for the expected methods and structure of the API @pelsasser
- Create a 'how-to' work offline with our code @rojosnow
- Create a Getting Started Guide @eswarasai @perfectmak @42piratas
- Research and share updated information about SEO @pchuck
- Regarding SEO, define what can do internally and what we will need help with @pelsasser
- Update the project main board, add info on how the labels work to the documentation, and merge `meta` and `community` repositories @42piratas

## Notes

- Big contributions made in the period by Eswara and Robert o/
- Many new contributors. Yay!
  - @ConnorChristie (testing)
  - @vikaskyadav (welcome screen)
  - @zoek1 (loader and other dApp elements)
  - @jintoppy (static site tests)
  - @brentoneill (advisors page)
  - @dreday (subscribe form)
  - @JonnyBurger (fixes to new static site)
  - @tschoffelen (meta tags for social)
  - @row2k (telegram pop up)
- dApp status update:
  - According to Eswara, our main priority is to integrate the dApp with the API, in order to release the Alpha version;
  - Then fixing any issues;
  - Pipeline now with Continuous Deployment to S3 Buckets using Travis CI;
- New website:
  - New website up and running;
  - According to Phil, we still want to work to improve its performance;
- Documentation:
  - [docs.originprotocol.com](http://docs.originprotocol.com/#contributing) was updated and now it ncludes more details on how to contribute to the project;
  - Robert will put together a how-to on how to work offline with our code;
- API:
  - API repository was created by Phil, with some high level info about the expected funcionalities;
  - Next week, Phil will add more details/requirements on the expected methods and structure;
- Processes improvements:
  - Eswara, Perfect, and Ânderson will work on a "Getting Started" guide to help onboard contributors quicker;
  - Ânderson will update the project main board;
  - Ânderson will add info on how the labels work to the documentation;
- SEO:
  - The attendees discussed how we could better tackle SEO. Conclusion: Patrick will research and share updated info/documentation about the subject, and from there we will check what we can do internally and what we need help with. Robert mentioned he knows a good SEO professional, and will get in touch with him/her when/if necessary.
